Check for invalid indicator layer combination during initialization of indicator objects (#28)
GIScience/ohsome-quality-analyst: CHANGELOG.md

## Current Main

> - Ceck for invalid indicator layer combination during initialization of indicator objects ([28])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add check for an invalid indicator layer combination during initialization of indicator objects ([#28])
```
